[Music]
during a raid in the Middle East in 1997
Lee Unwin a probationary secret agent
sacrifices himself to save his team
blaming himself Harry Hart codenamed
Galahad delivers a medal for valor to
Lee's Widow Michelle and his young son
eggsy saying that if they ever need help
they should call the phone number on the
back of the metal 17 years later
professor James Arnold is kidnapped by
internet billionaire and philanthropist
Richmond Valentine one of Hart's fellow
agents Lancelot attempts to rescue
single-handed but is killed by gazelle
Valentine's hench woman who wears
prosthetic legs that are specially
sharpened to double up as blades
Valentine secretly meets with various
powerful individuals some of whom go
missing afterwards he also announces a
giveaway of SIM cards granting free
cellular and Internet access
forever to everyone in London eggsy is
now an unemployed young adult living
with his mother infant half-sister and
abusive stepfather Dean despite being
highly intelligent and capable
he left training for the Royal Marines
and lives the aimless life of a
stereotypical chap arrested for stealing
a car
eggsy calls the number on the metal
heart has been released and tells eggsy
about his father he was an agent of
Kingsman an independent international
intelligence agency founded in 1919 by
wealthy British individuals who had lost
their heirs in the first world war with
Lancelot's death the agency has a
vacancy as Hart's choice eggsy joins the
other hand-picked candidates including a
woman named Roxy whom he befriends
training is overseen by Merlin a senior
Kingsman the rigorous selection process
leads
eggsy and roxy at the final two
candidates eggsy fails the last test
which Roxy passes to become the new
Lancelot during this time
Merlin notes that Arnold is no longer
missing heart tries to extract
information from the professor but a
chip implanted in Arnold's head explodes
killing him heart is injured escaping
from unknown assailants the signal that
triggered the blast is traced to
Valentine's Corporation Hart poses as a
billionaire and dines with Valentine to
try to ascertain his plans during which
Valentine reveals that he knew Hart's
true occupation beforehand and
ultimately spares him
long enough for Valentine to learn more
about Kings Hart tracks Valentine to an
obscure hate groups Church in Kentucky
United States where Hart realizes too
late that this is a trap
Valentine uses his SIM cards to
broadcast a tone that causes everyone in
the church to become uncontrollably
violent a comical brawl to the death
erupts during which Hart massacres most
of the people in the church leaving him
as the only survivor
eggsy Merlin and Chester King codenamed
Arthur Kingsman leader watched via video
link separately afterward Valentine
shoots Hart in the head seemingly
killing Hart when eggsy goes to sea
Arthur he notices that Arthur has a scar
behind his ear just like Valentine's
other converts Arthur pours eggsy brandy
containing a poison which is activatable
that eggsy distracts Arthur and switches
the glasses before they drink Arthur
explains Valentine's views before he
realizes this humanity is akin to a
virus and global warming is the Earth's
equivalent of a fever
Valentine intends to broadcast his
neurological wave worldwide to cause a
massive culling of the human race to
rescue it from extinction
only those who Valentine deems worthy of
living his allies who have protective
microchips implanted in their heads and
the VIPs he kidnapped will be spared
shortly afterwards
Arthur activates the poison when eggsy
refuses to join his side unwittingly
killing himself
unsure whom to trust Merlin decides that
he exeunt Roxy must stop Valentine on
their own Roxy rides a high-altitude
balloon into the stratosphere to disrupt
Valentine's impending broadcast by
destroying one of his satellites
while eggsy and Merlin infiltrate
Valentine's Mountain bunker complex in
Argentina
Roxy downs the satellites that Valentine
gets a business contact to replace it
then activates the signal which requires
his constant palm print causing
worldwide violence eggsy is recognized
and engages in a running shootout with
Valentine's henchmen eventually both he
and Merlin are cornered separately but
at eggsy suggestion Merlin hacks into
Valentine system and causes the implants
to explode killing Valentine henchman
and every convert when their heads
explode
except Valentine and gazelle neither of
whom carried implants eggsy manages to
successfully kill gazelle after a fierce
and intense fight with her
then Spears Valentine with the sharpened
tip of gazelles prosthetic leg Valentine
falls to the ground floor where he
eventually dies the signal is cut off
ending the worldwide carnage in a mid
credit scene eggsy now a Kingsman agent
offers his mother and half-sister a new
home away from Dean who flatly objects
to eggsy suggestion
eggsy then dispatches him in exactly the
same manner that Hart dealt with one of
Dean's henchmen earlier